Everything EA Announced At E3 2017

Electronic Arts just kicked off E3 2017 with an earlier than usual Saturday press conference. EA showed some Star Wars, some sports, some car chases, and a brand-new game from BioWare called Anthem. There was also a live drumline, in case you thought E3 needed more drumlines.

EA didn’t announce much—the only two new games were Anthem and a prison break game called A Way Out—and most of the conference was dedicated to sports and Battlefront II. Let’s run it all down.

Star Wars: Battlefront II Aims To Fix The First Game’s Problems

EA dedicated the entire back half of its show to Star Wars: Battlefront II, focusing mostly on multiplayer, which will span all eras of Star Wars. All post-release multiplayer add-ons will be free this time around, meaning that everyone will be able to keep playing the game “for years to come,” according to presenter Janina Gavankar.

(Gavankar, who plays the main character in Battlefront II’s single player, stared down the audience in character as she took the stage. It was a fun, if slightly awkward moment in an otherwise sleepy press conference.)

They then showed a bunch of live multiplayer gameplay set on a map on Naboo. There was a ton going on, and it was hard to tell how it’ll actually feel to play. EA says the game will have more vehicles, more customization, more abilities, more classes, and more options in general. They also say they’ve fine-tuned the gunplay so that everything feels better than it did in the first game. At the very least, it’ll be cathartic to hop in a tank and blow the shit out of Naboo. You can find more info on the Battlefront II announcements, including EA’s press release, here.

BioWare’s New Game Is Called Anthem.

We also got a teaser for Anthem, a brand new series from BioWare. It looks like a sci-fi game with lush environments, big monsters and characters who wear suits of power armor. The teaser was scant on details, but EA says it’ll share more at the Microsoft press conference tomorrow.

A Way Out: A Promising Co-Op Prison Break Game

EA will also be publishing a new game called A Way Out, which is being made by the people behind the fantastic Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. It’s a cinematic prison break game where you control one of two unlikely partners thrown together in a common cause.

The game is built entirely as a co-op experience, meaning you can’t play it solo, though I’m sure some intrepid gamers will make it work. It can be played in splitscreen or online. Brothers was a really good game (if you haven’t played it, play it!), and A Way Out looks like a promising evolution of a lot of the ideas that game explored.

Need For Speed Payback Looks Fast, Furious

EA shared some new information about Need For Speed Payback, which sure looks like a Fast And The Furious game. Which I am totally in favor of. Gameplay-wise, it looks like some kinda combination of Split/Second and Burnout, which, also, sounds good.

Battlefield 1 Will Get Night Maps And A Russian Expansion

The already wildly popular shooter Battlefield 1 is getting two night maps, which debut this summer. Because Battlefield 1 wasn’t chaotic enough. They also announced In The Name of the Tsar, an expansion that will add new maps from World War 1's eastern front. The expansion will add six new maps featuring the Russian army along with “the iconic women’s battalion of death.” That expansion hits in September. Lastly, they teased a new small-squad competitive mode, saying they’ll share more details at Gamescom in August

Madden 18 Gets A Story Mode

Madden 18 kicked off the show as EA announced a new LongShot game type, which adds a sports movie-like narrative to the game. It looks melodramatic as hell.

Fifa 18 is ‘Fueled By Ronaldo’

Fifa 18 got a reveal trailer showing off their new animations and signature moves, which aim to make each team feel more distinct and closer to its real-life counterpart. I also very much enjoyed their use of the phrase “FUELED BY RONALDO.” Like Madden 18, the game will have a story mode, which can be played in co-op with a friend and will allow you to import your Fifa 17 character.

NBA Live 18 will combine street ball with NBA tournament play.

We also got a quick look at NBA Live 18, breaking down how you’ll progress through the game.

And that about does it for EA. We’ll be covering E3 for the next week, with news, liveblogs, podcasts, videos, and more. Stay tuned.





Valve's Card Game Artifact Was Booed Last Year, Cheered This Year

At Valve, everything happens in Valve Time—even fans learning to appreciate new games, apparently.

During last year’s DOTA 2 International tournament, Valve debuted one of history’s greatest rollercoasters when it teased a project called Artifact. Swelling music and a cool logo had people on the edge of their seats. The title appeared. Artifact. How intriguing! Valve’s first proper game announcement in ages. So many possible meanings and connotations. Valve was back, baby. It was good again. Awoouu (wolf Howl). Applause trickled in from the audience. Then the words “card game” danced across the screen. The crowd’s disappointed “AWWWWWW” erupted in a comically over-the-top fashion. I sincerely doubt it felt great to be a Valve designer that day.

One year later, things seem to have done a complete 180. Today, Gabe Newell took the International stage to announce that if people have linked their International tickets to their DOTA 2 accounts, they’ll get a free copy of Artifact. The audience went nuts.

So there’s your Cinderella story for the day. Sometimes scrappy teams at unimaginably profitable companies that have the world at their fingertips come out on top. Heartwarming!

You’re reading Steamed, Kotaku’s page dedicated to all things in and around Valve’s PC gaming service.





Game Announce
See More of Hard Reset, the PC Exclusive with Shades of Blade Runner and Painkiller

The people who teased their PC exclusive shooter with a single screen shot last month have finally unveiled the mysterious sci-fi project they're working on. This is Hard Reset, the cyberpunk first-person shooter from people who worked on Painkiller, Bulletstorm and The Witcher 2.

PC Gamer has exclusive details on this "dark sci-fi" shoot 'em up from the Polish game vets at Flying Wild Hog, a robot apocalypse of a game that's due in September. Yes, this September, not next year like every other game announced over the past six months.

Get a little Hard Reset hype at the game's official site and/or its Facebook page, if more than just one screen shot has your interest finally piqued.





Game Announce
The Future Of The Nintendo DS Looks Like Radiant Historia

The Nintendo DS has one more thing to look forward to in 2011 with the release of Atlus' Radiant Historia, which brings an all-new 16-bit style, time-traveling "steampunk" adventure to the handheld next February.

Radiant Historia offers owners more of what the Nintendo DS excels at, namely old-school style Japanese role-playing games that involve saving the world, this time with a unique position-based battle system, magical time-hopping gameplay and a blend of lovingly hand-drawn 2D graphics with 3D environments. Developer and publisher Atlus also seems quite proud of the game's soundtrack, enough to include a CD of the game's original score with every copy of Radiant Historia.

Take control of the heroic Stocke in a battle that bounces through time when Radiant Historia ships in North America in February 2011. Or, knowing Atlus, any time after that.





Game Announce
Get Your War On With Operation Flashpoint: Red River Next Year

Codemasters follows up last year's realistic tactical shooter Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising with an all-new entry due in 2011. Operation Flashpoint: Red River will let players visit scenic Tajikistan to experience an "epic campaign." What else?

Red River will, according to its official announcement, "include a deeper narrative-led campaign, streamlined inventory and control system, a refined enemy and squad AI system, player class roles including customizable XP upgrades and loadout choice, close-quarters combat and new air support options."

If that sounds like everything you've ever wanted from a realistic, one-shot, one-kill shooter, you may want to invest in an Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 or PC capable of playing Operation Flashpoint: Red River before next year.

Codemasters deployed a few "visual target" concept images of Red River today, which fans of lens flare and the United States Marine Corps absolutely should not miss.





Upcoming PC games: The best new games to look forward to in 2019 and beyond

There are plenty of incredible games coming to PC in the next few months and beyond.

From upcoming triple-A games to highly hyped gems, there's plenty to look forward to, whatever your gaming passion.

Whatever your platform of choice - Steam, Epic, Uplay or Origin, there are loads of new PC games to add to your wishlist as well.

These new games include bleeding-edge titles with ray tracing capabilities, as well as updates to your favourite RPGs, shooters and co-op masterpieces. 

We've hand-picked some of the best, including trailers for you to enjoy - so prepare your wallet and your wishlist.

ONINAKI

    Release date: 22 August 2019
    Type: Action RPG/JRPG
    Publisher: Square Enix
    See official site
    See it on Steam

ONINAKI is the latest action-RPG from the Tokyo RPG Factory team, the same developers behind I am Setsuna and Lost Sphear. This new game is set to bring the classic JRPG experience to modern gaming platforms including PC and PS4. Inspiring artwork, deep character development and an incredible storyline await.

Control

    Release date: 27 August 2019
    Type: Third-person action-adventure
    Publisher: 505 Games
    See the official site
    See it on the Epic Store

The studio behind Max Payne, Alan Wake and Quantum Break are set to release a new third-person action-adventure with a supernatural vibe. An "otherworldly threat" has invaded New York and it's your job to regain Control. You will play Jesse Faden, an operative with supernatural abilities and special weaponry forced to fight her way through weirdly reactive environments in a suddenly unpredictable world. From the looks of the trailer, this new game promises the same vibe we've come to know and love from Remedy Entertainment games. 

A recent new trailer shows the power of Nvidia's Ray Tracing tech being put to use in the new game with stunning results. We've also been made aware that the game is now set to be an Epic store exclusive when it first launches on 27 August. 

World of Warcraft Classic

    Release date: 27 August 2019
    Type: Online role-playing game 
    Publisher: Blizzard Entertainment
    See the official site

Blizzard has been teasing World of Warcraft Classic for a while now. With this game, the company is promising to replicate the original gaming experience from World of Warcraft back in the day. WoW fans can no doubt fell all their hairs standing on end with anticipation. 

Blair Witch

    Release date: 30 August 2019
    Type: Indie horror adventure
    Publisher: Bloober Team NA
    See it on Steam

Blair Witch is a new indie horror game inspired by the original film. It's pitched as a "story-driven psychological horror" that's bound to have you playing on the edge of your seat with the lights on.

Set in 1996, Blair Witch sets you loose exploring a cursed forest with just your loyal dog for company. That forest is capable of both warping and distorting space and time, so you can imagine how weird and wonderful things are going to get. This new game is also being lovingly crafted by the minds behind the terrifying Layers of Fear. So if you're into getting scared out of whits when you game this is bound to be for you. 

Totally Reliable Delivery Service

    Release date: Summer 2019
    Type: Action-adventure
    Publisher: tinyBuild
    See it on Steam

If you've ever wondered what it's like to be a delivery person and how hectic and crazy their working day must be. Then this game might be the perfect way to find out. Well, it would be if we lived on a world of bonkers ragdoll physics and colourful hilarity.

Think you can do a better job than your usual delivery service and get a package to its recipient without problem? Now's your time to try. 

Buildings have feelings too!

    Release date: Summer 2019
    Type: Building sim
    Publisher: Merge Games
    See it on Steam

If you love city building sims but fancy something fresh, new and exciting then this might be it. This is an unusual sim where the buildings "can walk and talk to one another" have their own hopes and fears and feelings too.

Your job is not only to build your city but stop your buildings from dying. Bet you never thought you'd feel guilty about demolishing an old dishevelled hovel? You will now. 

Last Oasis

    Release date: 3 September 2019
    Type: MMO
    Publisher: Donkey Crew
    See it on Steam

The Last Oasis looks weird and wonderful. A "Nomadic Survival MMO" that looks like a cross between Mad Max and Skyrim. Resource gathering, scavaging, pirating and plundering are the name of the game here. You'll also be crafting massive steam-punk styled mobile bases and fighting platforms in order to help you fight for territory. 

GreedFall

    Release date: 10 September 2019
    Type: Action RPG
    Publisher: Focus Home Interactive
    See official site
    See it on Steam/Pre-order at Fanatical

GreedFall is the latest RPG from Spiders, it's set in the 17th-century setting featuring magic, death and disease. This new game purports to have a unique visual style that's inspired by European Baroque art. 

GreedFall's story centres around settlers, mercenaries and treasure hunters, all fleeing plague, pollution and incurable disease. A grand journey awaits these characters with a path full of mystery and ever-increasing tension among the locals. 

GreedFall promises an intricate world to explore that's filled with mysteries to discover, as well as deep character interactions and a rich storyline. Combat, diplomacy, deception and stealth all play a part in the gameplay as your actions, influence the world around you. 

Of course, being an RPG, you'll have all kinds of customisation options to create your own unique character and adjust according to your personal gaming preferences. We really like the look of game mechanics like the tactical pause that allows you to freeze time, mid-battle to pick the perfect combat move. 

Borderlands 3 - Mask of Mayhem

    Release date: 13 September 2019
    Type: Post-apocalyptic open-world action RPG
    Publisher: 2K Games/Gearbox Software
    See official site/See it on Epic Store

We've now had a chance to play Borderlands 3 and love what we've seen so far. As you'd expect, it's bigger, better and bolder than the last Borderlands outing, but it also has more customisation options and the same humour, madcap weaponry and play mechanics we have loved for years. 

Daymare: 1998

    Release date: 17 September 2019
    Type: Survival horror
    Publisher: Destructive Creations
    See it on Steam

From the talented team who worked on the remake of Resident Evil 2 comes a new game with a horrific vibe. This is a third-person survival horror that takes the atmosphere of iconic horror titles from the 1990s and adds a deadly virus, mutated monsters and three characters fighting for their lives. 

Hardcore survival mechanics, hard-to-kill enemies and a wealth of puzzles will make this a tough one. A deep storyline, obscure lure and a 90s-styled brand of iconic cinematography should lead to some pretty good vibes and immersive gameplay too. 

The Surge 2

    Release date: 24 September 2019
    Type: Violent action RPG
    Publisher: Focus Home Interactive
    See official site
    See it on Steam/Pre-order on Fanatical

The Surge 2 is set to continue the excellent action RPG series with new features, stories and adventures. This is a violent third-person action RPG which throws you in a world controlled by Martial Law, robots on a rampage and numerous fearsome foes who need dealing with. The Surge 2 is set to be bigger and better than the last game with more weapons, abilities and character traits to keep you interested. Brutal combat, a renowned limb-targeting system and a bigger and better world to play in should make the new game something special.

FIFA 20

    Release date: 27 September 2019
    Type: Sports
    Publisher: EA 
    See the official site/See it at Microsoft

The latest edition of FIFA is coming back this year and "breaking new ground" with VOLTA Football. Gamers will be able to build their players, pick their gear and express their own personal style in football playgrounds all over the world.

Chernobylite

    Release date: Autumn 2019
    Type: Post-apocalyptic RPG
    Publisher: The Farm 51
    See it on Steam

Chernobylite is a post-apocalyptic survival horror experience that reminds us vaguely of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series only with more terror. If the idea of dark and foreboding environments, rife with radiation and fear appears, then this game is likely for you. 

Chernobylite also promises challenging combat, unique crafting and a non-linear story as well. Lots to look forward to, but some fresh pants might make for a sensible additional purchase. The new trailer also looks remarkably like the Metro series, which we loved. Certainly sizzling, if only with radiation. 


